Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Do you have any food?
I'm very hungry.
Let down your hair.
You do not pass for a boy.
I am not afraid.
Travelers spoke in these hills
of the hero Robin Hood.
He protects the meek.
No one protects the meek.
And he were no hero.
He observed thrice a day
and gave silver to the poor.
And he had the love
of Lady Marian.
Is that not a hero?
Lady Marian were taken
from an old shepherd's tale
by a storyteller.
unfortunately. drunker than I.
She were the great love
of Robin Hood.
Mmm.
There is no great love
for one such as him.
I have known
those who met this man.
would you like to know a secret?
I would.
He never prayed once
in his life.
These tales
spread across the land
are lies upon lies.
He were a murderous brigand.
who perhaps cut the throat
of a sheriff
in a long line of others.
People saw a meaning
where there was none.
He was not a hero.
He robbed and killed
for the joy of it.
nothing more.
Those you met...
did they say he felt remorse
for his crimes?
I suspect he felt tired.
I would say if you met
this villain Robin Hood.
you should make haste away
and keep whatever life
you have left here.
pardon of our sins.
Through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Amen.
Who was your kin?
William Wainwright...
Of Pickering.
Pickering?
Father?
Grandfather?
You should have bathed.
or waited for the wind
to change.
Or kept your weight
on your back foot.
That's all.
You did well.
They sing lies.
These foolish common folk.
Lies of his heroism
and goodness.
But blood debts are owed.
And generations
of his victims hunt him.
For in truth...
none were more wicked and wanton
than the murderous bandit
Robin Hood...
and his Little John.
Speak to Thomas.
He were hanged in the South.
Will?
They gutted him.
I have no one else to ask.
What happened?
My name is Edward.
Who was Edward?
I met him on the road.
ten summers ago.
His brother died.
And he were going to grow
rye and peas
on his brother's land.
No one knew Edward's face.
So I killed him.
Now I am Edward.
And Margaret's a good wife.
It's a good farm.
What happened?
A family on the land
found me out.
Took my farm. Took my Margaret.
Tried to take my life.
I cannot take back alone
what is mine.
It's not yours.
It's my family.
I'm tired. John.
Edward.
I'm tired. Edward.
It would be
a mighty battle.
One for the stories.
They are strong?
Aye.
They come from an old family.
They say from Viking blood.
There's a story
that once their elderfather
fought a bear.
It would be
a mighty battle. Robin.
How many are there?
Four? Five?
Together we can best them.
We'll likely die.
Sync By M_I_S
www.opensubtitles.org.
♪ As I was walking all alone ♪
♪ I heard two crows
a-making a moan ♪
♪ One said to the other.
did say-o ♪
♪ "Where shall we go
and dine today-o? ♪
and dine today?" ♪
♪ In behind that old turf wall ♪
♪ I sense there lies
a new slain knight ♪
♪ And nobody knows
that he lies there-o ♪
♪ But his hawk. and his hound
and his lady fair-o ♪
♪ His hawk. and his hound
and his lady fair ♪
♪ Many a one for him
shall moan ♪
♪ None shall know
where he has gone ♪
♪ O'er his white bones.
when they are bare-o ♪
♪ Wind shall blow
for evermore-o ♪
♪ Wind shall blow for evermore ♪
Robin!
Bread?
This is a good adventure.
A good adventure.
You remember
when we met the potter.
did we leave him naked
or did we kill him?
Oh. I tried to tell the story
and someone said
we left him naked.
But I couldn't remember.
You always told it well. Robin.
Why would we leave him naked?
I don't know.
It were a jest.
We never met a potter.
What do you mean
we never met him?
I mean.
that never happened.
It's just a story
you heard somewhere.
But if we did meet
a potter.
we killed him.
I'd remember if it were a story.
Here!
Tell me about your wife.
Margaret.
She's a good woman.
She's a very good woman.
She's pious.
She teaches me prayerfulness.
Paint a portrait.
Paint a portrait?
She has hair that's red.
Red like?
Red like fresh blood.
No. not blood.
No. no. no.
Something that's red
and that's good. like her.
Red like... I don't know.
Like the setting sun.
Aye. like
the setting summer sun.
Margaret's a good wife.
With hair that's red
like the setting summer sun.
She cares for me.
And I care for her.
Hmm.
Robin. there are open
lands past the mountains.
Many places to begin again.
No. I do not aim to begin again.
I aim for a right death.
Edward!
Go. Hendrie!
Go. Hendrie. run! Now!
-Edward!
-Back!
Hendrie. get the others!
Edward!
Edward. my love...
Watch over Little Margaret.
Little one. don't worry.
Don't worry.
Come here. come here.
You're safe.
You're safe. daughter.
Let us pray. Let us pray.
O Lord. our God.
grant us grace to desire Thee
with our whole heart.
Come on now. pray.
And in finding Thee.
we may love Thee.
And in loving Thee.
we may hate those sins
from which Thou hast
redeemed us.
For the sake of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Yes. Yes. good.
Good.
I'm sorry.
It were that when I woke.
Cousin.
I'm sorry.
♪ The wind
between the north and east ♪
♪ Blowed every chill and cold ♪
♪ Or coldly blowed to me.
at least ♪
♪ My clothes were thin and old ♪
♪ The grass all dropping wet
with dew ♪
♪ Low bent their tiny spears ♪
♪ The lowly daisy bended too ♪
♪ More lowly with my tears ♪
♪ Oh. luckless youth
to sorrow born ♪
♪ Shun'd son of poverty ♪
♪ The world made gamely
sport and scorn ♪
♪ And grinning infamy ♪
♪ Unequalled though
my sorrow seems ♪
♪ But great indeed they are ♪
♪ Oh hear my sorrows
for my stream ♪
♪ You'll find an equal there ♪
♪ The land and Eddings
are no more ♪
♪ The pastures too are gone ♪
♪ The greens. the meadows
and the moors ♪
♪ Are all cut up and gone ♪
We cry
to Thee. O Lord.
Do Thou have mercy upon us?
And grant forgiveness.
O King of heaven.
and everlasting Lord.
receive our prayers
which we pour forth.
And grant forgiveness.
Visit the sick.
bring forth the captive.
help the widow and the orphan.
And grant forgiveness.
We have sinned
and departed from Thee.
Wilt Thou. the Redeemer
of all. save us?
And grant forgiveness.
Have mercy on the penitent
and wash away the stains of sin.
And grant forgiveness.
Amen.
Kill him!
Godwyn!
No!
No. Please. Please.
Please. please!
-Margaret? Margaret!
-No. no.
No!
John! Don't!
Little John!
Twenty winters ago.
you murdered my cousin.
Walter of Hathersage.
You have murdered my sons
and my grandson.
As wergild...
I accept your life...
and the life of your daughter.
heinous crimes...
slayer of man.
woman and child...
No...
No! No! No! No! No!
No!
Robin?
I've heard stories
of a Priory hidden away.
There's a Prioress there
who's older
than anyone remembers...
she has healing magic.
I'll take you to her.
She'll get you well again.
I've heard incredible stories.
Robin. we must leave you.
They'll be hunting us.
Look at the snow...
it's strange
for it to fall this late.
But it won't stay
on the ground...
and the long days
will soon some.
A man brought you here.
He sealed your wounds with fire
and he did not do a poor job.
You have been here six days.
You have wounds in your abdomen.
Ribs and a leg badly broken.
Do you understand my words?
Where is this?
You're at
the Priory of St. Clement.
We're a place for you to heal.
Wha... What town?
There is no town.
Do you know the story of Saul?
What?
It goes. there once
was a man. Saul...
a breather of menaces
against disciples of the Lord.
He came to the Prince of Priests
and asked of him
letters into Damascus.
to the synagogues.
That if he came across
any man or woman of this life.
he should lead them bound
and...
That is all we need to do.
Just a few drops.
It was not too painful?
It were not.
I'm Sister Brigid.
What's your name?
Randolph.
Well. I owe you
an apology. Randolph.
What apology?
You begged for me
to let you die.
And I did not.
You said it was right.
I were with fever.
Well. your fever has passed.
Rest now. Randolph.
Your body
is covered in scars.
Do you mean anyone
at this Priory harm?
I do not.
Will any harm
follow you here?
It will not.
You will do them no harm.
Now back to the bed.
Now back to the door.
Now open the door.
Go as far as you'd like.
William. careful. please.
Can you row yet?
There is a boat
on the west shore.
That's all right.
You can stay here
if you help in the orchard.
Oh. I'm... not a farmer.
Then you know not how to hunt.
Aye. I know how to hunt.
There is some game
on this island.
But no. you cannot hunt.
You cannot even draw a bow.
-I can draw my bow.
-It's mostly rabbits.
-Do you know how to trap?
-I know how to trap.
Good. But no more than six traps
or the population
will not sustain.
Can you manage six traps?
I can manage six traps.
Good.
Then the rest of your time.
you may help in the orchard.
Are you
trying to flee?
You are quiet.
I am quiet and slow.
but you need to be slow.
You're a cripple.
Aye. you're a leper.
It is all right
to be slow. We are safe here.
That's quite a thing
to say. You know that?
I know that
because she has made us safe.
Oh. your Prioress?
She were like us.
She knew great sorrow.
Great pain.
Widowed young.
But through that sorrow.
she found the strength
to heal us.
Well. you do not look
like you've been healed.
The Prioress once told me
a story
of a great philosopher...
the greatest philosopher
of his time.
But one day.
his king turned against him.
Threw him in a dungeon
to be tortured and executed.
But in his misery.
when he had nothing.
an angel came
to the philosopher
and she spoke to him.
And from her.
he learned
that it did not matter
if this whole world
were misery...
if all he had were death.
Because he had one thing
that could never be
touched or taken.
He had his mind.
And in his mind...
he had God.
It's never too late
to find peace.
What are you doing?
Ah.
I row across every day.
Your friend was strong enough
to take you.
but some are not.
so I ferry them.
-Will you take me across?
-I will not.
You can row yourself
when you're stronger.
For now. work at your tasks.
Trapping. I hear.
-I will hunt.
-No. you can't hunt.
Leper.
what happened
to that great philosopher?
He were tortured
and executed. of course.
Of course.
♪ Sumer is icumen
In loude sing cuccu! ♪
♪ Groweth seed
and bloweth meed ♪
♪ And springth the wode now ♪
♪ Sing cuccu ♪
♪ Ewe bleteth after lamb
Loweth after calve cow ♪
Oi! Oi!
The Leper has brought someone!
From the far shore!
Papa's dead.
How's the girl?
Let me show you
my trees.
These are the elderberries.
They harvest late in the summer.
Do they know
what you were before this?
Oh. you'll have
to favor this side
for my hearing.
Pears. I harvest just after.
And what were I before this?
Oh. a sell sword at best.
Aye. at best. certainly.
We have a way about us!
You remember the trees?
-Pears and elderberries.
-Wonderful.
Some of them know.
But the Prioress does not care
who we were.
And the apples harvest
in the autumn.
Did she. uh.
speak of what happened to her?
Well. the Prioress
is tending to the girl.
You should speak with her.
if you are concerned.
What were the trees?
Pears. apples
and elderberries.
Wonderful.
This will be
your last letting.
Though your body
still has much healing.
You're tired.
I am.
But I have been tired before.
The child does not sleep.
What happened to her?
Terrible things.
-She told you her story?
-No. she does not speak.
She does not eat
and she does not sleep.
What is her name?
Margaret.
Who is she?
I met her father. A farmer.
Well. he's dead.
It seems.
And the mother?
-Ah. I think dead.
-How?
I don't know. Dead past.
Slain?
Perhaps.
You lie very well.
Did the child see?
She could have.
That is much for a child to see.
I'm sorry for your friend.
Thank you.
Would you like me
to pray for him?
As you wish.
What was his name?
Edward.
Be not your heart afraid.
for ye believe in God
and ye believe in me.
In the house of my father.
there are many rooms.
And when I make ready
for you a place.
I shall come
and take thee to myself.
For where I am. He may be also.
And whither I go.
He shall know the way.
-She has a knife.
-Margaret!
She stabbed me!
Margaret!
It's all right.
Margaret. it's...
it's all right.
Margaret. it's all right.
She don't know
this island.
There are boar about.
-Margaret!
Margaret!
Oi.
Oi!
Give it.
Those men that hurt you.
do they know you're here?
Hmm.
What's my name?
Say my name.
Randolph.
That's right.
Who's Little John?
That name is nonsense
and you should never speak it.
And if you speak it.
a cat will come in the night
and take your tongue.
It's all right.
Go to sleep.
I'll watch the storm.
All right. lay down.
Close your eyes.
You can sleep.
Sleep.
Thank you
for bringing her back.
It were nothing.
Do you know the story
of this Priory?
No.
Well. in ages before history.
this was a holy site
of the ancient Druids.
They worshipped unknown gods.
Worshipped in these woods.
Then the Romans came long ago.
and they sensed
the magic of this place.
so they built their temples.
And people upon people
sensed it.
and they came here to worship.
Countless gods.
tribe after tribe.
who would not even know
how to speak to each other.
Yet we were all
pulled to this place.
Do you believe
there is magic in this island?
I believe there is power in it.
I have seen
the power in stories.
They can be used to make men
do terrible things.
And then those terrible things
become stories.
And stories...
No.
You cannot trust any of them.
We cannot be trusted with them.
Knives cut bread
as well as they do flesh.
It's a question of balance.
Does balance have a say?
I think if balance
did not have some say.
we would not be here.
This world would not...
be here and...
we would not be
sharing these words.
And do you ever consider that?
The incredible precision
of balance
over such an expanse of time.
The balance it takes to create
a word. any specific word.
That can pass
between lips and...
be understood by two minds.
Randolph.
Thank you.
-Mmm. Mmm.
-Mmm.
Not hungry?
No?
I'll be dying soon.
How do you know?
I can feel it inside.
What does it feel like?
It feels right.
There's someone there.
The waters
have been busy.
Start around the feet.
Little cuts.
Good. Other one.
All right. Oh.
Okay.
Good.
Right. now.
let's do down the front.
Right down on the belly. Good.
Right. Give me.
Right. Watch this one.
Just like... just like that.
That's it. You do the other one.
That's it. that's it. that's it.
Pull.
You are a brave
young man.
Thank you. sister.
Are you hungry. Arthur?
I am. sister.
Well. Sarah will fix you up
a good supper tonight.
Herring stew. Herring stew.
-Do you like that?
-Yes.
Where do you come from. Arthur?
My family farm toward Keswick.
-Toward Keswick?
-Yes. Sir.
-Randolph.
-Randolph. Toward Keswick.
The Leper said
you seek your niece.
-I do.
-You were set upon?
-I was.
-On the road?
Yes.
-You are safe here.
-Which road?
The road to Keswick. Sir.
Thank the Lord you survived.
I do thank the Lord.
How about honeyed pears
after supper
for being so brave?
-Thank you. sister.
-Good.
Little Margaret.
That man. Arthur.
Did you ever see him
before you came to the Priory?
Margaret.
The men...
The men who hurt your papa.
Did you see their faces?
Papa said to run.
Papa stopped praying.
He was angry.
He prayed in his mind.
What's Papa's name?
Your papa's your papa.
Bring it here.
Oh. this is fine work.
Oh.
You see it favors a bend here.
Oh. aye. Now you have to
balance it so it bends evenly.
So this part here needs
to be thinned. All right?
Can you make for me?
You want me to make you a bow?
All right.
Today.
I remembered a story
by a poet named Lucretius.
He wrote on
what are called atoms.
Where if you pick apart
the trees
and people and stones.
these would be the smallest
invisible pieces
that make up
everything in creation.
And these atoms are sailing
through the void and...
well. sometimes.
for no reason at all.
they change their course.
The least amount.
not even a hair.
And if it weren't
for that small...
unpredictable change
forcing the atoms to cross
and weave with each other...
nothing at all
under the heavens would exist.
Yes. Good.
Harder.
That's it. Good.
That's good. Harder.
Let me help you.
Grab that one.
Good. There we go!
Good.
Which one do you think
for your bow?
Let's hold and look.
Okay.
There we go. They're both good.
Margaret!
Margaret! Come and play!
Arthur.
Do you know how to trap?
-Yes.
-Good.
I need a strong hand. Come.
Does your family have land?
Yes.
How many
of you are there?
I don't know.
Are you all right?
I am. I am.
Just not as young
as I once were.
I could use a hand up is all.
Thank you.
Oh aye. they delivered you
quite a blow.
-Yes.
-Who did it?
A man.
Some men.
-Bandits.
-A man. bandits?
-Yes.
-Huh. May I look?
It's quite a blow.
Oh. you're lucky you survived.
You're a lucky boy.
Yes.
You should be thankful
to be alive.
-Yes.
-He used a quarterstaff?
Hmm.
Lucky it didn't
take your head off.
Randolph.
Moshe?
The Prioress said to come.
Are you in great pain?
Do you remember the trees?
Pears. apples and elderberries.
Wonderful.
You know that you are
the most important person
in Little Margaret's life.
Ah. I'm not important.
Think of all the people
whose lives you've crossed.
We were important somehow
to all of them.
Do you know the story
of Guy of Gisborne
and Robin Hood?
Yes.
They say you killed him.
Did you really behead him?
-You are confused. leper.
-Well. I'll not tell a soul.
But don't lie to a man
on his deathbed.
So. did you really behead him?
There were no Guy of Gisborne.
It were just one of the many
tales that passed along.
But I beheaded other men.
You really don't remember?
No.
Think about that name.
There were a Guy of Gisborne.
But you did not behead him.
You cut off his ear.
You said. in another life.
you'd share a drink with him.
Do you remember that?
We seem to have
found another life.
Now.
there is one cruelty
I would ask you
to not bring about.
You will
guard the orchard
until you too die.
You will serve the Prioress...
and the people of this Priory.
past and future.
But at no point in that time...
in those
good and peaceful years.
will you tell the Prioress
who you really are.
Why?
Because...
one of those nameless.
faceless deaths
in the shadows of your mind...
were in another life...
her beloved.
Promise me.
Robin...
♪ Sumer is icumen in
Loude sing cuccu! ♪
♪ Groweth seed
and bloweth meed ♪
♪ And springth the wode now ♪
♪ Sing cuccu ♪
♪ Ewe bleteth after lamb
Loweth after calve cow ♪
♪ Bulloc sterteth
bucke verteth ♪
♪ Merye sing cuccu! ♪
♪ Cuccu. cuccu
Wel singest thou cuccu! ♪
♪ Ne swik thou never now! ♪
Good-bye. Brigid.
Arthur.
Come.
There's a child
on the far shore.
Perhaps it's your niece.
The Leper said
you sought your lost niece.
Yes.
-Could it be her?
-We shall see.
I do not see signs of anyone.
Ah. we should wait.
Maybe they will return.
What is your name?
Arthur.
Do not waste time lying to me.
What is your real name?
Godwyn.
You are deciding. Godwyn.
whether to do
the deed yourself...
or to fetch your family.
What deed?
How many men
have you killed. Godwyn?
How many children
have you killed?
I have killed so many.
I could not give you a count.
For longer than
you've been alive.
I've been killing the kin of
those I killed a lifetime ago.
I do not remember the first.
who meant nothing to me
at the time. but...
their brothers
and their children.
their grandchildren.
they remember me.
So now I must kill them.
Again and again.
In different forms.
like shades. Again.
And again. and it never ceases.
It's a curse. Godwyn.
And it's one
you bring on yourself.
even if done through duty.
It cares not about your duty.
This world cares
only about blood.
And blood is all
it will give in return.
But do you want
to kill a child. Godwyn?
Do you want to be responsible
for the killing
of a little girl?
No.
Your father's dead?
And your uncles?
I am the eldest left.
Who else yet lives. Godwyn?
My mother.
My aunts.
My sisters.
You have a home. Godwyn?
-Yes.
-Go home.
Tell your family
all blood debts are paid.
They'll all be paid someday.
Sleep in your own bed.
Hold dear the life
you will yet share
with your kin.
And if you return here.
you will have wasted this chance
at life that I give you now.
And I will cut your throat
and never think of you again.
Go now.
And do not look back.
I thought
you had departed.
I am Robin the Outlaw.
You... You need to know
that I'm a monster.
I'm not one Randolph.
I am the outlaw. Robin Hood.
I'm sorry...
Tell me I should leave.
I will go now.
Get in the bed.
-Brigid...
-Lie down.
You burned my husband alive.
I dream that
he was already dead.
but why else did you bar
the door?
It felt like a lifetime
searching the ashes of our home.
And he looked so small.
Curled up in the corner
with so much of him gone.
But as much as I dream.
I know he was alive.
Because. until the very end.
he had wrapped himself
around our children.
Randolph...
It's me.
People speak
of Robin Hood.
Tell his stories.
They're all lies.
Lies that I told long ago.
So that fools would...
follow me into the dark.
Robin.
What have they done to you?
Don't be afraid.
I will rescue you
from this place.
I'll rescue Little Margaret.
And we're gonna start
a new life together.
Edward...
tell me about your wife.
My wife.
Margaret.
My wife. Margaret.
Paint a portrait.
Paint a portrait?
She has hair...
red like...
the setting sun.
Like the setting summer sun.
Red like...
the setting summer...
sun.
Robin...
Have you found your right death?
I'm ready to finish it.
I owe this life to you.
It is monstrous.
But I owe this life to you.
You owe me nothing.
I have never taken
a life before.
Ah.
It can be
as if pruning a flower.
Well. it should not be.
Aye. it should not.
But it can.
I help those
who come to this island.
I heal them.
Please.
Heal me.
Little Margaret...
your father's name were John.
I knew him for many years.
Before he were your papa.
I met him...
crossing a bridge one day...
over a rushing river.
He was stubborn.
He would not yield.
Oh. not to any man.
Not even to me.
So we wrestled.
On that bridge.
Striking. Back and forth.
I whacked him
on the side of the head.
He struck me in the stomach.
And I wobbled on that bridge.
Splash!
He knocked me on me bum.
Once I dragged myself out.
drenched to the bone.
we embraced.
We called your papa...
Little John.
And we lived for many years...
as outlaws in the greenwood.
Oh. we had feasts.
We...
We gave silver...
to the meek.
No...
But we stole that silver.
We stole it...
from. from bad people.
You understand?
Bad people.
Your papa...
would want me to tell you...
because he loved you so dearly.
You must never tell a soul.
Not even the children
you play with.
You must never tell them
your papa's name.
There are bad people out there.
And they are angry
with your papa.
And so they're angry with you.
And can we keep that secret?
I can keep that secret.
Little Margaret.
Can you?
Good.
Now come beside me.
Take this.
Why were he "Little"?
What?
Why were my papa
called "Little"?
Because he were little
when I found him.
Like you.
String it.
Bend it with your leg
as you saw me do.
Good.
Now. go to the window.
Now.
nock an arrow.
Find a point
where the waters meet the sky.
Pull that arrow to your mouth.
And hold.
I will tell you when to loose.
And when I do...
you're not letting go.
You're simply
not holding on anymore.
Now.
Watch that target.
Your body will always be moving.
Feel when that arrow
will fly true.
You're gonna find a dance.
Hold until I tell you to loose.
You are strong.
Feel...
that sway.
that dance.
Now loose.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm